hi this is Justin Reese I got your
exerciser today what we're going to be
doing today is a barbell power clean now
this is one of the best exercise acne
for any sport that you're involved in or
just also for your strength development
and your health the reason why this is
such a great exercise is because it's
totally different
using your legs you know your thighs and
your hamstrings using your hips because
you're bored of stabilizers you're on
Rebecca just so many different muscles
that are activated by using this lead
that it's I think it's one of the best
the reasons why the clean-and-jerk is
one of the exercises one of the bets
that they have in the Olympic Games this
is because it's kind of a sign of
overall strength so first thing I'm
going to do is I'm going to make sure
that I got them my legs about shoulder
width apart collectively wider thinking
like a little narrower first snaps like
have my legs about shoulder width apart
and on when he was going to make sure
that straight I'm not
everyone that's going to protect me and
that's also going to provide for better
technique technical tip or wait so I'm
going to squat down I'm just going to
pop my thumbs right here up the grits
okay and I'm going to wrap my fingers
around wrap my thumb my thumb is going
to go over the top of my finger so again
I'm here I got my my butt down and squat
down and now we're gonna toll there's a
couple different poles on my arms
straight as I pull this up so we can
slide it up here to just above my knees
okay so that's the first goal now when I
got past the first two what I'm going to
do is I'm going to keep pulling I'm
going to shrug this up on my leg my arms
are straight and I'm going to top with
my kids okay so from here skin' come
that's the motion so again squat down
start pull and I knew a strug like that
make sure you keep your balance the
second part is after i got rucked here
you know I really explode with my kids
I'm going to drop underneath me catch
okay so I'm poppin drop into athletic
position and catch the barbell
here on my own so I'm going to pull and
catch and I'll let the way back again
good position good strong solid back
that's not way one more plan for it
that's that weight gets me tired I can
see how many of you and my heart rates
already up and racing so this is one of
those great exercises it's a lot of work
but you get a lot of benefits from the
tube that's the tip of the day for more
great tips like these go to WWE calm